Update cell methods examples (#14)
cmsaf/metadata-conventions: file_conventions.md

**Cell methods examples**

Here are some cell methods examples from CLAAS-4. Note that `interval` refers to the original resolution of the data, e.g. 15 minutes and 3km for SEVIRI.

| Product                    | Averaging Strategy                                                                                                                          | Cell Methods                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|----------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Daily mean                 | Average L2 products on native SEVIRI grid (y, x); resample to regular grid (lat/lon)                                                        | lat: lon: point (interval: 3km comment: nearest neighbour to cell center) time: mean (interval: 15 minutes)                                                                                     |

Reviewer: The unit `km` should have a `space`  like all the others.

```suggestion
| Daily mean                 | Average L2 products on native SEVIRI grid (y, x); resample to regular grid (lat/lon)                                                        | lat: lon: point (interval: 3 km comment: nearest neighbour to cell center) time: mean (interval: 15 minutes)                                                                                     |
```

> | Monthly mean               | Average daily means on lat/lon grid                                                                                                         | lat: lon: point (interval: 3km comment: nearest neighbour to cell center) time: mean (interval: 15 minutes) time: mean (interval: 1 day)                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Monthly mean               | Average daily means on lat/lon grid                                                                                                         | lat: lon: point (interval: 3 km comment: nearest neighbour to cell center) time: mean (interval: 15 minutes) time: mean (interval: 1 day)                                                        |
```

> | Monthly histogram          | Compute histogram of daily L2 products on native grid; map to 0.05° lat/lon grid; coarsen (sum) to 0.25° lat/lon grid; sum over days        | time: sum within hist2d_bins (interval: 15 minutes) lat: lon: point (interval: 3km comment: nearest neighbour to cell center) lat: lon: sum (interval: 0.05 degree) time: sum (interval: 1 day) |

Reviewer: `km` space and I would also suggest to say `degrees` instead of  `degree`

```suggestion
| Monthly histogram          | Compute histogram of daily L2 products on native grid; map to 0.05° lat/lon grid; coarsen (sum) to 0.25° lat/lon grid; sum over days        | time: sum within hist2d_bins (interval: 15 minutes) lat: lon: point (interval: 3 km comment: nearest neighbour to cell center) lat: lon: sum (interval: 0.05 degrees) time: sum (interval: 1 day) |
```

> | Monthly mean diurnal cycle | Compute hourly means for each day; map to 0.05° lat/lon grid; coarsen (average) to 0.25° lat/lon grid; average all days                     | time: mean within days (interval: 15 minutes) lat: lon: point (interval: 3km comment: nearest neighbour to cell center) lat: lon: sum (interval: 0.05 degree) time: mean over days              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Monthly mean diurnal cycle | Compute hourly means for each day; map to 0.05° lat/lon grid; coarsen (average) to 0.25° lat/lon grid; average all days                     | time: mean within days (interval: 15 minutes) lat: lon: point (interval: 3 km comment: nearest neighbour to cell center) lat: lon: sum (interval: 0.05 degrees) time: mean over days              |
```
